Set APPEND_FORWARD to forward X-Forwarded-Client-Cert as default (#13406)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/01-overview/main-areas/service-mesh/smsh-02-default-istio-setup-in-kyma.md

- The `istio-sidecar-injector` Mutating Webhook Configuration is patched to exclude Gardener resources in the `kube-system` Namespace and the timeout is set to 10 seconds.
- The use of HTTP 1.0 is enabled in the outbound HTTP listeners by `PILOT_HTTP10` flag set in Istiod component environment variables.
- IstioOperator configuration file is modified. [Change Kyma settings](../../../04-operation-guides/operations/03-change-kyma-config-values.md) to customize the configuration.

> - Forwarding X-Forwarded-Client-Cert header is enabled by `APPEND_FORWARD` setting. This means that when the client connection is mTLS, the client certificate information will be added to the request’s XFCC header. [Istio Gateway settings](https://istio.io/latest/docs/ops/configuration/traffic-management/network-topologies/#configuring-x-forwarded-client-cert-headers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The forwarding of the X-Forwarded-Client-Cert (XFCC) header is enabled using the `APPEND_FORWARD` value. It means that when the client connection is mTLS, the client certificate information is added to the request’s XFCC header. To learn more, read the [official documentation on XFCC headers configuration](https://istio.io/latest/docs/ops/configuration/traffic-management/network-topologies/#configuring-x-forwarded-client-cert-headers).
```
